Create WCAG-compliance-levels.md (#1089)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/storefront-customization/WCAG-compliance-levels.md

# WCAG Compliance Levels
<div class="otp" id="no-index">

### On this page
- [Accessibility principles](#accessibility-principles)
- [Accessibility guidelines](#accessibility-guidelines)
- [Related resources](#related-resources)
</div>

This article demonstrates how Cornerstone satisfies [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#guidelines) across compliance levels. You can perform similar techniques to your site regardless of your compliance level. For detailed implementation information, see [Implementing WCAG Guidelines]().

## Accessibility principles
WCAG organizes accessibility guidelines into four principles.

**Perceivable** Users can comprehend the information being presented. 
The information cannot be invisible to all their senses.

> **Operable** Users can perform actions using interface components and navigate the site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Operable.** Users can perform actions using interface components and navigate the site.
```

# WCAG Compliance Levels
<div class="otp" id="no-index">

### On this page
- [Accessibility principles](#accessibility-principles)
- [Accessibility guidelines](#accessibility-guidelines)
- [Related resources](#related-resources)
</div>

This article demonstrates how Cornerstone satisfies [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#guidelines) across compliance levels. You can perform similar techniques to your site regardless of your compliance level. For detailed implementation information, see [Implementing WCAG Guidelines]().

## Accessibility principles
Accessibility content must be POUR as stated by WCAG which organizes accessibility guidelines into four principles.

> 

Reviewer: Don't need this 
P
O
U
R
section since you list the same words out below again.

P = Perceivable

O = Operable

U = Understandable

R = Robust

> **Perceivable** content means users can comprehend the information being presented. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Perceivable.**  Users can comprehend the information being presented. 
```

> *The information cannot be invisible to all their senses.*

Reviewer: Remove the italics and combine with previous section.

> **Operable** content means users can perform actions using interface components and navigate the site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Operable:** Users can perform actions using interface components and navigate the site.
```

> *The interface cannot require interaction that a user cannot perform.*

Reviewer: Remove the italics and combine with previous section.

> **Understandable** content means the information and operation of a user interface is understandable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Understandable:** The information and operation of a user interface are understandable.
```

> *The operation of interface or information cannot cause confusion or discomfort for users.*

Reviewer: Remove the italics and combine with previous section.

> **Robust** content means the content can be used by a wide variety of technologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Robust:** The content can be used by a wide variety of technologies.
```

> *The content cannot cause content inaccessibility.*

Reviewer: Remove the italics and combine with previous section.

> You are encouraged to create content that addresses all four principles. If any principle is missing, users with disabilities will not be able to successfully use and access web content. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage you to create content that addresses all four principles. If any principle is missing, users with disabilities will not be able to successfully use and access web content. 
```

## Accessibility guidelines

> Each principle contains guidelines. The guidelines are the goals you should work towards to acheive a certain conformance level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each principle contains guidelines, the goals you should work towards to achieve a certain conformance level. 
```

> The guidelines featured below are not a complete list and were chosen to highlight possible solutions for how to meet requirements. Using Cornerstone as an example, this article demonstrates how Cornerstone meets the success criteria for the following guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The guidelines featured below are not a complete list and were chosen to highlight possible solutions for how to meet requirements. This article demonstrates how Cornerstone meets the success criteria for the following guidelines.
```

>  

Reviewer: For all the entries in the "Cornerstone technique," Avoid using the word "Cornerstone." Instead, go for phrases that still provide clear description of the technique/feature.

| Level    | Guideline 3.1: Readable                                                    | Cornerstone technique |
| --       | --                                                                         | --                    | 
| Level A  | [Language of Page](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#language-of-page)         | Cornerstone allows you to customize your display in any one [language](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/stencil-docs/localization/localization-tutorial) of your choice by using the lang attribute on the HTML element.                                                    |                                                 
| Level AA | [Language of Parts](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#language-of-parts)       | Cornerstone allows you to translate your theme into [multiple displayed languages](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/stencil-docs/localization/multi-language-checkout).                |
| Level AAA| [Unusual Words](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#unusual-words)               | Cornerstone allows you to add information and links to your [footer categories] to provide additional details.                                                                      |

> Understandable

Reviewer: Don't need to repeat

| Level    | Guideline 3.2: Predictable                                                  | Cornerstone technique |
| --       | --                                                                          | --                    | 
| Level A  | [On Input](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#on-input)                          | Cornerstone ensures that you must click a submit button to perform the action.                                                                                                          |
| Level AA | [Consistent Navigation](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#consistent-navigation)|* Cornerstone uses a consistent presentation and layout for users who interact with repeated content. <br>* Cornerstone navigation menus are always in the same place.</br> * The Search box is in the same location on all pages. |         
| Level AAA| [Change on Request](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#change-on-request)        | Cornerstone automatically redirects users from an old page to a new page in such a way that they never realize the redirect has occurred.                                            |

> Understandable

Reviewer: Don't need to repeat
